# Coral_CNT

# Coral CNT Uptake Test 1 (20210727)

# Exposure protocol

Placed 2 corals (*Astrangia poculata*) into individual 100 ml glass jars (dimensions) with .22 um PES membrane filtered artificial seawater (company and info).  

Added CNT lipid sensor at 1mg/L for Coral 1 and 5mg/L for Coral 2. Corals 3 and 4 received no CNTs and were kept as controls.

Placed corals into the 27°C incubator

# Outcomes

We used 1mg/L and 5mg/L concentrations of nanotubes today on 2 corals, and both got a signal after 30 minutes! The 5mg/L was a lot stronger. We also have a reference background seawater signal.

We didn't see much with the inverted scope because the colony blocked a lot of light. We are planning to use a cell culture/tissue slurry in the next experiment to examine where the CNTs have gone.

# Possible problems

CNTs binding to possible extracellular mucus or bacterial films. (We can see if this is a problem using the tissue slurry and microscope in future trials.)

When we used the glass bowls the temperature of the water on the top and bottom shelves of the incubator were pretty different (~27 vs. 25.5 respectively). But since using the smaller jars we can fit them all on one shelf, so it should be fine now. But just wanted to let you know in case that's a problem.

# Next steps

We'll also look at the signal tomorrow after 24 hours, and if there's a strong signal we'll keep testing the corals to see how long the CNTs stay.  

Mitch has the peak and microscope images from today, and he'll be emailing them to you and Dan soon!  

Our plan for next week is to try exposing some small fragments of Pocillopora to compare signals and survivorship, and we could also start with the tissue slurry.  
